it's a nice lamb here right some minced
nice fat in there and we're going to
marinate this up with some we've got
some cumin coriander seeds got some
orange and egg yolk to bind it together
there's some garlic so a little bit of
rosemary and a bit of fresh coriander
and then pop them onto little skewers
then we're gonna make the dip over she
I've just roasted these in the oven so
we've got some nice Greek yogurt a
little bit of mint which goes really
well with lamb and a little bit of
seasoning okay cool so first things
first let's get the mints all flavored
up we're pounding together
cumin coriander seeds and orange zest
now this really brings out the flavor at
a lamb get your mince in there well we
can do I usually put like little holes
me about that so the marinade from like
fools food of spices pull through it
like that I'm gonna get some garlic I'm
gonna put two cloves in there bit salt
and pepper we're gonna get a good
handful and let make sure it covers all
of it now get the pepper now grind that
in so now a bit of rosemary okay now
rosemary and lamb is a great combination
yeah I reckon that's gonna be enough
quite strong yeah olive oil right now
fresh coriander so we'll save some back
for where we're actually plating dish up
okay one egg yolk because we want to
help it bind together because we're
gonna put it onto a stick and now we can
just mash it all up so make sure
everything goes together right
lovely that's fantastic so you'll feel
that sticks well so we're gonna pop
those onto skewers it's nice and thin
okay I see so sticks on it nice and then
when you put it in a fridge that egg
will make it set perfect and then we'll
just put that on the old on a barbecue
or in a griddle pan or frying pan or
even under the grill so let's get those
together whilst Chelsea's fixing up the
skewers I'm getting on with the
aubergine dressing
it's a lovely marriage hot and cold
can't go wrong old machine okay it's
a fantastic ingredient right I've just
rub it the oil pricked it put it into
the oven with just one that lovely flesh
okay just get a bit of salt and pepper
in there mean so we've got all these
nice meze flavors going on in there yeah
when you put in a pair of bread fresh
mint is just gonna really liven heart
can you feel it
yeah okay so we've got that yogurt now
yeah you can go a little bit more with
yogurt I reckon they'll be of olive oil
because I can't live about this stuff I
need just pulse it right up okay now you
can have it quite chunky
look at this chest mm-hmm cool so that's
I'm gonna put out a little container so
there's I dip I'll tell you that down
there with us all you need to do now is
finish off a lamb drizzle it have a nice
little bit of olive oil and then pop it
on the griddle pan how long did it take
the rule is really if you get a steak or
something you can have it rare as rare
as you like as long as you cook the
outside yeah with mints do you want to
cook all the way through that
you